In the last video, we put together some sync code inside of our query before we test this out.
We did try to make use of Axios in here, but unfortunately our query service does not yet have Axios
installed.
We haven't even required it into this index file.
So I'm going to go up to the very top of this file.
I'm going to require in Axios.
I'll save this.
I'll then go back over to my terminal.
I'm going to find the terminal window that is running my service.
I'm going to stop that thing.
I'll install Axios really quickly.
And then I'll start that server back up.
Okay.
So it looks good.
So now we need to make sure that we can actually test this out effectively.
So I'm going to just go ahead and stop that server, even though we just started it up.
So now we do not have any access to query.
It just doesn't exist.
But hopefully we can try to create some posts, comments and whatever else those events will be cached
or stored by our event bus.
And then as soon as we launch query, hopefully queries should be resync and get all the different events
that it has missed over time.
So let's try this out, making sure that the query service is not running.
I'm going to go over to my browser.
I'm going to refresh the page.
You'll notice I've got an air inside of my console right now, and that is to be expected because the
query service does not exist right now.
It's not running at all.
But I should be able to create a post.
So I'll go ahead and create a post, something like new post and submit.
Now, in theory, this post has been created and we've gone through that entire process of storing it
on the post service and so on.
If I refresh right now, I get another error again because the query service doesn't exist.
So now let's go back over to our terminal.
We'll go ahead and launch the query service.
And as soon as we do so, it should reach out to our event bus.
You'll notice there are some errors here.
You could ignore them.
It should reach out to our event bus and try to receive all the different events that it has missed.
So I'm going to start up the query service.
And you'll notice right away it's processed in event of post created.
That's the event that it had missed.
So if I now go back to the browser, I can refresh and there's my post.
Now the benefit to this approach if I kill my service once again.
So now it's dead again.
Now I can start to maybe create some comments.
I can say comment number.
One.
I can create a comment.
Number two, I can create even an invalid comment, something with the word orange in it, something
that's going to get rejected.
Now, if I refresh again, once again, I don't see anything because the query service is down and the
query service has completely missed all these different events.
It hasn't seen any of the comment created, any of the comment moderated or the comment updated events.
So now let's relaunch query.
And instantly it's going to process all those different events that it just missed out on.
So now if I go back over to the browser, I can refresh.
Looks like the CD is taking just a moment.
Chances are it's going to refresh way faster for you.
There we go.
And now we can see that the query service is online and 100% up to date.
We've got our post.
We've got those comments and the comment that was rejected as well.
All right.
So you got to admit, that's pretty neat.
So this 100% really deals with this issue of a service being brought online at some point in time in
the future, or possibly the case in which a service goes down for some very small period of time and
misses out on a couple of event events.
We're going to use this strategy very heavily as we start to work on our next application.
Now, if you see some issues with this approach and there are some problems inside of here, without
a doubt, don't sweat it.
There are cases and we are going to cover these corner cases, particularly around the possibility of
having persistent data.
Right now, none of our data is persistent.
We store it inside of some in-memory data structure that's lost instantly whenever a service goes down.
But if we were using a database where we were storing these posts and comments inside of some database
with, say, the query service, you might be thinking, Hey, we'll get into some trouble here if we
try to run the same event or process the same event twice.
Again, if you're thinking that, don't sweat it.
There are solutions to it that we're going to implement in our next application.
Okay, so this entire idea of sinking events looks like it's pretty handy.
So pause right here.
Continue in just a minute.